HPA recipe (#17)
redskyops/redskyops-recipes: hpa/README.md

                - name: RUN_TIME
                  valueFrom:
                    configMapKeyRef:
                      name: trialjob-env
                      key: run_time
                - name: MAX_LATENCY # max avg latency in ms
                  valueFrom:
                    configMapKeyRef:
                      name: trialjob-env
                      key: max_latency
                - name: MAX_ERROR_RATE # max error rate in %
                  valueFrom:
                    configMapKeyRef:
                      name: trialjob-env
                      key: max_error_rate
```

The configuration for the load test is in `trialjob_configmap.yaml`. The load test is 180 seconds long, uses 100 clients that are added at a rate of 1 client/second. You can increase this rate to make sure that your HPA scales fast enough to increase in load.
[However, with a kubernetes version lower than `v1.18` you cannot change the scaling policies through the `v2beta2` API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/run-application/horizontal-pod-autoscale/). In this experiment, we are going to optimize for the `target CPU utilization` that the HPA uses to scale the `voting-service`  deployment.

> `MAX_LATENCY` is the maximum latency in ms we want a trial to report. If locust measures an average latency over the length of the load test (aka trial) higher than this value, we will report this trial as failed. `MAX_ERROR_RATE` is the maximum error rate in % measured by locust for which we don't report the trial as failed. You can see the logic for this in `load_test.py`.

Reviewer: The error rate portion is a little confusing to me, but it could be because I'm not the right audience. Looking at load_test.py it looks like error rate =numfailures/numrequests*100 and the max error rate is your tolerance for the trial. If I'm interpreting that correctly maybe:
```suggestion
`MAX_LATENCY` is the maximum latency (in milliseconds) we want a trial to report. If locust measures an average latency over the length of the load test (aka trial) higher than this value, we will report this trial as failed. Similarly, `MAX_ERROR_RATE` is the maximum error rate (reported as %) we want a trial to report. An error rate higher than this value will fail the trial. You can see the logic for this in `load_test.py`.
 ```

> Create a dedicated namespace and insert that namespace in `kustomization.yaml`, then run the experiment using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated namespace and insert that namespace in the `kustomization.yaml`, then run the experiment using:
```

Reviewer: could we have them do 
`kubectl create namespace recipe` and then `kustomize build . | kubect apply -n recipe -f -` to simplify the steps/not have to clone and change the kustomize file?

we can still have the optionality of creating their own namespace.
